Update firewall-configure.md (#68709)
Azure/azure-content: articles/azure-sql/database/firewall-configure.md

- To use the portal or PowerShell, you must be the subscription owner or a subscription contributor.
- To use Transact-SQL, you must connect to the *master* database as the server-level principal login or as the Azure Active Directory administrator. (A server-level IP firewall rule must first be created by a user who has Azure-level permissions.)

> [!NOTE]

> > By default during creation of a new logical SQL server from the Azure portal, the Allow Azure services setting is set to OFF.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> By default, during creation of a new logical SQL server from the Azure portal, the **Allow Azure Services and resources to access this server** setting is set to **No**.
```
